com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/MyBooksBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.MyBooksBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ProfileBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ProfileBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/InflatenewsBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.InflatenewsBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/MySingleton.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.MySingleton
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ActivityAddNewsBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ActivityAddNewsBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/LibraryBooksBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.LibraryBooksBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/Books.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Books
com/example/librarymanagement/NewsPage.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.NewsPage
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/Singleton_for_books.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Singleton_for_books
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ActivityFisrtRetrofitBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ActivityFisrtRetrofitBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ActivityAdminHomeBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ActivityAdminHomeBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/Library_book_adapter.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Library_book_adapter
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ActivityBooksBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ActivityBooksBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/InflateLibraryBooksBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.InflateLibraryBooksBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ActivityMainPageBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ActivityMainPageBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ActivityLibLoginBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ActivityLibLoginBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.FirstFragment
 com.example.librarymanagement.FirstFragment$1
com/example/librarymanagement/FisrtRetrofit.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.FisrtRetrofit
 com.example.librarymanagement.FisrtRetrofit$1
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ContentAddNewsBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ContentAddNewsBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/Modal_books.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Modal_books
com/example/librarymanagement/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.SecondFragment
 com.example.librarymanagement.SecondFragment$1
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/Modal_News.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Modal_News
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/NewsBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.NewsBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/Post.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Post
com/example/librarymanagement/NewsAdapter.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.NewsAdapter
 com.example.librarymanagement.NewsAdapter$1
 com.example.librarymanagement.NewsAdapter$ItemClickListener
 com.example.librarymanagement.NewsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/librarymanagement/databinding/ActivityNewsPageBinding.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.databinding.ActivityNewsPageBinding
com/example/librarymanagement/Shareprefences.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Shareprefences
com/example/librarymanagement/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.BuildConfig
com/example/librarymanagement/JsonPlaceholderApi.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.JsonPlaceholderApi
com/example/librarymanagement/Main_Page.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Main_Page
 com.example.librarymanagement.Main_Page$1
com/example/librarymanagement/LibLogin.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.LibLogin
 com.example.librarymanagement.LibLogin$1
 com.example.librarymanagement.LibLogin$2
 com.example.librarymanagement.LibLogin$3
 com.example.librarymanagement.LibLogin$4
 com.example.librarymanagement.LibLogin$5
 com.example.librarymanagement.LibLogin$6
 com.example.librarymanagement.LibLogin$7
 com.example.librarymanagement.LibLogin$8
com/example/librarymanagement/AdminHome.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.AdminHome
 com.example.librarymanagement.AdminHome$1
 com.example.librarymanagement.AdminHome$2
 com.example.librarymanagement.AdminHome$3
 com.example.librarymanagement.AdminHome$4
 com.example.librarymanagement.Semester
 com.example.librarymanagement.departments
com/example/librarymanagement/MainActivity.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.MainActivity
 com.example.librarymanagement.MainActivity$1
 com.example.librarymanagement.MainActivity$2
 com.example.librarymanagement.MainActivity$3
 com.example.librarymanagement.MainActivity$4
 com.example.librarymanagement.MainActivity$5
 com.example.librarymanagement.MainActivity$6
 com.example.librarymanagement.MainActivity$7
 com.example.librarymanagement.MainActivity$8
com/example/librarymanagement/Signup.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Sem
 com.example.librarymanagement.Signup
 com.example.librarymanagement.Signup$1
 com.example.librarymanagement.Signup$2
 com.example.librarymanagement.Signup$3
 com.example.librarymanagement.Signup$4
 com.example.librarymanagement.Signup$5
 com.example.librarymanagement.Signup$6
 com.example.librarymanagement.departs
com/example/librarymanagement/Library_books.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Library_books
 com.example.librarymanagement.Library_books$1
 com.example.librarymanagement.Library_books$2
 com.example.librarymanagement.Library_books$2$1
 com.example.librarymanagement.Library_books$3
 com.example.librarymanagement.Library_books$4
com/example/librarymanagement/Profile.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.Profile
 com.example.librarymanagement.Profile$1
 com.example.librarymanagement.Profile$2
 com.example.librarymanagement.Profile$3
 com.example.librarymanagement.Profile$4
com/example/librarymanagement/My_books.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.My_books
 com.example.librarymanagement.My_books$1
 com.example.librarymanagement.My_books$2
 com.example.librarymanagement.My_books$3
 com.example.librarymanagement.My_books$4
com/example/librarymanagement/RetrofitClients.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.RetrofitClients
com/example/librarymanagement/News.java
 com.example.librarymanagement.News
 com.example.librarymanagement.News$1
 com.example.librarymanagement.News$2
 com.example.librarymanagement.News$3
